# Tutorial-Log
//Written by Jane Armellino December 2016
//Tutorial log is used at Hunterdon Central for teachers to log and track student attendance at tutorial - counselors and administrators
//have access to this data as well.  Each department has a folder, and within that a log template file is copied for each teacher.  
//The log template contains scripts that auto-complete some student information to minimize keystrokes on entry.  
//There is a master file for each department which has a script that runs weekly and pulls all data from each teacher file into a department summary.  
//There is also a school wide master that pulls from all the department master files into a single log.
//
//This repository contains two files - the template file for the teacher tutorial log which will be copied for each teacher, and the master file 
//which contains the scripts that create department folders and teacher files.  Instructions for setup of log files and folders is below.
//
//The scripts bound to this sheet will set up, share and manage folders and sheets that teachers can use for the entry of tutorial data.
//The following high level functions are included:
//NOTE: USE SCHEDULE DATA PULLED WITH THE SQL IN TECH COACH SQL FILE TO INCLUDE RECORDS FOR ADDITIONAL STAFF ON COURSES - I.E. SE
//              0. Update school year in Globals.gs file
//              1. createDeptFolders - This should be run only from the Department Master Template, not from the individual department masters.  It will create 
//                       a folder for each department on the "Staff" sheet with a Master Log spreadsheet (which is a copy of the Department Master Template)
//                       for that department.
//                       Prior to running, the following should be set up:
//                       a. Department Master Template sheet placed in a "Tutorial" folder that contains only it and the "Teacher Log Template" file
//                       b. The "Staff" sheet of the Department Master Template should contain a list of all teachers, departments and email addresses 
//                          This sheet must be sorted by Department, then by Teacher
//                       c. The "Schedules" sheet of the Department Master Template should contain the following info dumped from Aspen's schedule records: 
//                          Student ID, Student Name (Last, First), Course Name, Primary Teacher Name, Department
//                          This sheet must be sorted by Department, then by Teacher, then by Student  
//                  RUN: At start of each academic year.  BY: Jane / person doing tutorial log support (it does not exist on user menus for this reason)
//
//
//              2. createTutorialSheets - This should be run from the individual department masters to create a spreadsheet for each member of department.  
//                       It will go through the staff sheet of the department master and copy the "Teacher Log Template" file from it's grandparent folder 
//                       for each teacher on the list. (NOTE: teacher spreadsheets are generated by department because script will time out if attempting
//                       to create the whole school at once)
//                 RUN:  At start of each academic year.  BY: Jane / person doing tutorial log support (it does not exist on user menus for this reason)
//
//
//              3. shareTeacherLogs - This should be run from the individual department masters to share the spreadsheet and send each teacher on the 
//                       staff sheet a link to their tutorial log sheet and instructions.  
//                       This function was broken out of the createTutorialSheets function to allow creation and testing of the folders prior to staff notification.  
//                 RUN:  At start of each academic year.  BY: Jane / person doing tutorial log support  (it does not exist on user menus for this reason)
//              NOTE: After setup is complete, department masters will be shared with supervisors manually.
//
//
//              4. updateDeptSummarySheet - This should be run from the individual department masters to gather data from all the sheets in their folder into
//                       their own log sheet.  It can be setup to run on a time schedule, or run as needed from the script editor.  It will add columns for the
//                       department and teachers based on the folder and spreadsheet name to the data it copies over.
//                 RUN: As needed.   BY: Jackie S. / person doing tutorial log summary or automatically by google sheets.  
//                       A menu with an option to run this script is added to the department master sheet in the onOpen trigger.
//
//
//              5. updateMasterSummarySheet - This should be run only from the Department Master Template - 
//                       Will update it's log sheet to contain school wide tutorial data by copying the contents of each department master file.
//                 RUN: As needed.   BY: Jackie S. / person doing tutorial log summary or automatically by google sheets.  
//                       A menu with an option to run this script is added to the tutorial master sheet in the onOpen trigger.
